Short version: Run "mingw32-make win32" on Windows, or "make linux" on GNU/Linux or Mac OSX. 
               If that fails, read the following detailed description.


Building Zinjai
-----------------

 For building ZinjaI you will need g++ and wxWidgets 2.8 compiled in ANSI mode. Note that
 most common GNU/Linux distribution offer the UNICODE version in their repositories, so you may  
 have to compile it manually from source code. Just follow regular steps (./configure; make; sudo 
 make install) adding --enable-ansi --disable-unicode arguments when running configure. If you're 
 compiling wxWidgets 2.8 you should also run make and sudo make install in contrib/src/stc, if you're 
 compiling 2.9 version you should add --enable-scintilla, for building its Scintilla extension. 
 ZinjaI's Windows installer includes a suitable wxWidgets version, so you won't need anything else*.

 You can use Makefiles in directories src, src_extra and parser to build ZinjaI's executable files, 
 or a global Makefile in zinjai directory that compiles everything. The latter is easier one.
 Run "make linux-clean" and "make linux" for deleting the downloaded binaries and compiling new ones 
 in GNU/Linux. On Windows systems replace make with mingw32-make and linux with win32.
 
 If you want to compile only one module, src contains the GUI and most important part, parser contains
 the parser that the GUI uses to build sysmbols tree and src_extra contains some other tools and 
 wrappers, some of them essential for the  GUI to run your programs. The available makefiles in each 
 of this directories are:
    Makefile.lnx: for building GNU/Linux version with gcc
    Makefile.w32: for building Windows version with MinGW
    Makefile.mac: for building MacOS version
    Makefile.wine: for building Windows version from GNU/Linux with MinGW and wine
    Makefile.m32/makefile.ppc: for building MacOS from GNU/Linux with a cross-compiler
    Makefile.common: not to be used directly, included by others
 You should use one the first three options. The remaining ones are used by me for packing all 
 version from a single GNU/Linux system, and can have some specific paths that wont feed your 
 needs, so you should not use them.

 Windows' makefiles assume that you have a complete MinGW installation in zinjai/MinGW (as zinjai's
 installer does, with wx included). It will asume that MinGW/bin is in current path. You can get an
 already configured command line launching the terminal from "Tools" menu in ZinjaI (remember to close
 ZinjaI after launching the terminal to release zinjai.exe file). The full path is used to find 
 wxWidgets and other libraries. You can change that location modifying the first line in the Makefiles 
 (variable MINGW_DIR). In order to compile draw.exe (the last binary, used for displaying graphs), 
 you also need zlib and libpng. You can get them from gnuwin32.sourceforge.net (download "Developer 
 files" and extract them in a new folder named "misc" in MinGW). You can still run ZinjaI without it, 
 but you'll have to setup another viewer in Preferences' dialog.
 
 *note: the scintilla wrapper included in wx 2.8's contrib section has a bug in 64bits mode when using
 macros (Ctrl+Shift+Q in ZinjaI). Binaries for 64bits included a patched version. The patch consist on
 changing wparam field from int to unsigned long in wxStyledTextEvent struct, and lparam from int to
 long in the same struct.

 Pablo Novara, zaskar_84@yahoo.com.ar

